short today I just wanted to tell you
what i thought was one of the biggest
mistakes that I made when treating my
acne so hopefully I can help some of you
they're not to make the same mistake
that I did the biggest mistake or one of
the biggest mistakes that I made was
trying too many different things at once
and these were natural things so so I
did think that they was safe but it's
not necessarily the case your skin isn't
as tough as you think is I thought my
skin was very thick and tough and and it
could handle pretty much anything that I
put put on my face I thought all acne
was caused by internal problems in my
system and the outside stuff was didn't
really matter but that's not the case I
actually gave myself cosmetic acne which
is probably the only case of acne that
you get from the external external stuff
that's something that's not happening
inside your body so if I had left my
skin alone if I had just used very
gentle skin care routine and worked on
the actual cause of the acne which from
in my case was stress and hormones then
my acne would probably be completely
gone by now but because I wanted that
miracle quick fix the cure that would
treat my acne overnight I try just about
everything I tried Heba different
supplements vitamins
whatever I tried a lot of different
things that I put in my face mud masks
moisturizers cleanses spot treatments
exfoliants whole lot of different things
and I never gave these things enough
time to really work with my skin I I i
changed my the different things that i
was plastering my face every week or
every fortnight which completely
traumatized my skin and speaking to be
therapists about it after all of this
happened I now realize that that is the
case your skin does get very traumatized
every time you put something different
on it it sounds a bit ridiculous I know
that your skin's traumatized but it
actually is the case if your skin
actually does freak out a little bit so
of course I did made this big mistake
because I tried to many different things
at once I ended up with cosmetic acne
which is a lot of clogged up pause a lot
of blackheads and a lot of whiteheads
bad thing is these are really hard to
get rid of and the blackheads and
whiteheads very easily turned into
inflammations which is it which ends up
with some mild acne so no I've got a
look at it now what was worse it's just
to get me i had from stressing hormones
all this mild acne from cosmetics
you know both equally as bad and I guess
in a way it's kind of good that I'm
getting this education but totally sucks
out oh I I feel like I've done this to
myself I've abused this myself and my
skin and this is a result so please
don't make the same mistake with me if
you can try not to abuse the skin by by
trying to many different things at once
the best thing you can do for your skin
in my opinion is to use a very gentle
cleanser and moisturizer you don't
really need much more than that you
something very gentle visit a doctor and
natural path any medical professional
and and get advice from them don't pick
and squeeze I've got a few steps on my
blog that I my time record
about which are really would outline for
how to approach your skincare and turn
your acne which are very dental on the
skin and and won't cause further
breakouts for other reasons so that's it
so probably my biggest tip is don't pick
and squeeze and second biggest one is
just be careful about what you put on
your face and don't try too many things
just just keep it simple and give it
enough enough time your skin to get used
to it okay so yeah that's it and I'll
see you next time bye